incomplete-cat-A-items.md, before:

| Cat | Status   | Reference | Category                        | Description                                             | Comment
| --- | -------- | --------- | ------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------- | -------
|  A  |          | 3.5.4     | mouse event                     | `Release`                                               |
|  A  |          | 6.1.2     | geometry                        | `menu.border.width`                                     |
|  A  |          | 6.1.3     | geometry                        | `menu.separator.width`                                  |
|  A  |          | 6.1.9     | geometry                        | `window.handle.width`                                   |
|  A  |          | 6.3.4     | titlebar colors                 | `window.active.button.pressed.image.color`              |
|  A  |          | 6.3.6     | titlebar colors                 | `window.active.button.hover.image.color`                |
|  A  |          | 6.3.12    | titlebar colors                 | `window.inactive.button.pressed.image.color`            |
|  A  |          | 6.3.14    | titlebar colors                 | `window.inactive.button.hover.image.color`              |
|  A  |          | 6.5.3     | inactive window textures        | `window.inactive.handle.bg`                             |
|  A  |          | 6.8.1     | menu colors                     | `menu.title.text.color`                                 |
|  A  |          | 6.8.6     | menu colors                     | `menu.separator.color`                                  |
|  A  |          | 7.3       | menu separator                  | `<separator />`                                         |

Commit message:

Add note on auto-generated files to say that they have been... well auto-generated

incomplete-cat-A-items.md, after:

This file has been auto-generated based on README.md. Do not edit it manually

| Cat | Status   | Reference | Category                        | Description                                             | Comment
| --- | -------- | --------- | ------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------- | -------
|  A  |          | 3.5.4     | mouse event                     | `Release`                                               |
|  A  |          | 6.1.2     | geometry                        | `menu.border.width`                                     |
|  A  |          | 6.1.3     | geometry                        | `menu.separator.width`                                  |
|  A  |          | 6.1.9     | geometry                        | `window.handle.width`                                   |
|  A  |          | 6.3.4     | titlebar colors                 | `window.active.button.pressed.image.color`              |
|  A  |          | 6.3.6     | titlebar colors                 | `window.active.button.hover.image.color`                |
|  A  |          | 6.3.12    | titlebar colors                 | `window.inactive.button.pressed.image.color`            |
|  A  |          | 6.3.14    | titlebar colors                 | `window.inactive.button.hover.image.color`              |
|  A  |          | 6.5.3     | inactive window textures        | `window.inactive.handle.bg`                             |
|  A  |          | 6.8.1     | menu colors                     | `menu.title.text.color`                                 |
|  A  |          | 6.8.6     | menu colors                     | `menu.separator.color`                                  |
|  A  |          | 7.3       | menu separator                  | `<separator />`                                         |
